Bloodbath rules document created on 12/24/2019, last modified on 01/19/2020 by Ivan Soto.
This document will provide the rules for this game.
Breaking one of these rules will result in a warning from the administration team or the developers of Bloodbath. If you are not given a warning sequence, please contact Charlie or Ivan using the contact information found in the readme.txt file.
If you do not agree to these rules, delete this game from your computer.
Note: by agreeing to this document, you agreed to be bound by the rules below. These rules are subject to change with out notice, so please check back once in a while to get the latest rules.
1. No spamming, what so ever. This should be a basic rule that most people should understand. Sending messages that either crash screen readers, lag the game, or repeatedly sending messages of the same thing is considered spam. If you are caught doing this, the administration team will warn you. If the same thing happens again, you get kicked from the game. One more time, and you get banned.
2. No impersonation. You will not log on to the game with someone else's username. This also applies if you are altering the spelling to make a screen reader speak someone's name. I.E: Charlie=Charly. This rule also applies to people who like to log into the game with an added prefix to the game that makes people believe you have authority in the game. I.E: Logging on as developer_Jake to make people think that Jake is a developer of the game. Keywords you may not use: Developer, dev, administration, administrater, admin, mod, moderator, etc.
3. No cheating or hacking the game. This one is self-explanitory. You will not, edit variables, intercept the data going back and forth across the server, modify packets, decrypt sounds, dynamic link libraries, steal credentials such as configuration files stored by the game, usernames, passwords, etc. Doing this will result in a permanent ban.
4. Absolutely no harassment allowed what so ever! Please keep in mind that this game is played by people all over the world. This includes people of a wide range of ages. While we allow strong language on chat, we do not allow harassing of players, administrators, developers and builders. Harassment includes: spamming pm's, giving out personal or otherwise private information including name, passwords, phone numbers, email addresses, etc. Sexual harassment will be dealt with on the spot, resulting in a ban.
Spamming or otherwise harassing the admins and developers is not allowed either. If an admin or dev punishes you, please do not spam them or try to get items from them. They are just players like you, so please treat them as you would anyone else. Keep in mind that we will heavily log their actions and what they do, so if an admin kills you, do not start accusing them of cheating, because it most likely is not true. Yes it could happen, however it is very unlikely. If you do however, see something weird going on, please contact one of the developers and we will launch an envestigation on them.
Some things to keep in mind about admins. Admins can not, and will not, abuse their authority. As said before in this document, they are just players like you and I, unless they have their flag on. Anything being said with the administration flag enabled, should be taken seriously. If you believe an admin is being unfair, please just do whatever they asked you to do and contact the development team. If we see you are not complying with the team, your report will most likely be ignored and you will look like the bad person in that situation.
Conclusion: we hope you can follow these basic rules. We don't want to ban anyone from the game. If you feel like you agree to the rules, feel free to remove this document from the game's directory. The game will ask you, until you delete this file, if you agree to the rules.
enjoy